# weightlossapp

I ran into some trouble while creating the app for the project. I was unable to figure out how to correctly use a nested serializer to display user information for questions and answers (users being a foreign key for both questions and answers). This issue has prevented me from moving forward with the project, as using post requests to create new questions and answers requires the ability to input the user foreign key, which I was unable to implement. This led to a similar problem with the bookmarks, which I split into bookmarked questions and bookmarked answers. These also rely on a user foreign key to tie them to a specific user so that user only sees their bookmarks. 

Django is one of my weaker frameworks and as such I am not as confident or capable with it. If I were to remake the project in Ruby and the framework Rails, I'm certain I could complete the project. I would be willing to work on that if that is an acceptable alternative. 

If I were to create the app in Ruby, here's how I would do it. For the models, there would be four regular models. First: questions with a title (string), a body (text), and a user foreign key (integer). Second: answers with a title (string), a body (text), a user foreign key (integer), and a question foreign key to tie it to the question it answers (integer). Third: question bookmarks, with a user foreign key (integer) and question foreign key (integer). Fourth: answer bookmarks, with a user foreign key (integer), and answer foreign key (integer). I would split the bookmarks into questions and answers because there are separate answer and question models. Users would also be a model tied to authentication. 

I would have controllers for questions, answers, question bookmarks, and answer bookmarks. These would have methods for viewing the index (all instances for the given model), more detailed information (show) for each given model, create actions for each model (so users can create questions, answers, and bookmarks for both questions and answers), update actions for each model, and destroy actions so users can delete data. The update and destroy actions would be tied to authentication so users can only update and delete their own data. 

Each model would have a index and show view, except bookmarks which would only have an index. The index view would be used for index actions only, while show would be used for show, create, and update. The questions show would include answers for the selected question. The index for each type of bookmark would include data on the questions/answers saved by the user. 

Each of the methods in the controller would have a corresponding REST route in the routes file. 
